Remove outdated retroreflective tape documentation and add game piece detection guide (#3104)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/vision-processing/introduction/game-piece-detection.rst

### When to Use Traditional Vision Methods

Traditional vision methods work best when:

- The game piece has a **distinctive, consistent color** that stands out from the background
- The object looks **similar from all angles** (e.g., a sphere or simple geometric shape)
- **Lighting conditions are controlled** (e.g., using ring lights or consistent field lighting)
- You want **fast, predictable performance** with lower computational requirements

Examples: Detecting brightly colored balls, simple geometric shapes with consistent colors

### When to Use Machine Learning

Machine learning models are better suited when:

- The game piece has **variable appearance** depending on viewing angle
- The object has **complex geometry** or texture that's hard to describe with simple color rules
- There is **visual variability** in the objects themselves (wear, damage, manufacturing differences)
- Background conditions vary significantly

Examples: Detecting cargo with logos, irregularly shaped objects, pieces that look very different when viewed from different angles

> .. note:: Most common FRC vision processing vendors (PhotonVision, Limelight, etc.) offer support for both traditional vision pipelines and machine learning models. The choice of method should be based on your specific game piece characteristics, not the limitations of your hardware.

Reviewer: Is ML without some type of accelerator feasible? I thought it was slow enough to not be very usable. I agree with the statement that you shouldn't choose ML because you have a cool coprocessor, but I think you might want to choose a different coprocessor if you need to use ML, so it's probably worth a mention about choosing a coprocessor for ML.

## Detection Methods: Traditional Vision vs Machine Learning

There are two primary approaches to detecting game pieces: traditional computer vision and machine learning (AI) models. Choosing the right approach depends on your specific use case.

### When to Use Traditional Vision Methods

Traditional vision methods work best when:

- The game piece has a **distinctive, consistent color** that stands out from the background
- The object looks **similar from all angles** (e.g., a sphere or simple geometric shape)
- **Lighting conditions are controlled** (e.g., using ring lights or consistent field lighting)
- You want **fast, predictable performance** with lower computational requirements

Examples: Detecting brightly colored balls, simple geometric shapes with consistent colors

### When to Use Machine Learning

Machine learning models are better suited when:

- The game piece has **variable appearance** depending on viewing angle
- The object has **complex geometry** or texture that's hard to describe with simple color rules
- There is **visual variability** in the objects themselves (wear, damage, manufacturing differences)
- Background conditions vary significantly

> Examples: Detecting cargo with logos, irregularly shaped objects, pieces that look very different when viewed from different angles

Reviewer 2: If you'd like some examples of game piece variability, here is a gallery of 2020 FRC game pieces from week 1 that you are welcome to use.

https://1drv.ms/f/c/35d706fb0c681610/IgB8STg-07OnT694TUAod4gZASijj9FazJTobId7FUEC6f4?e=wnJG4V

.. note:: Most common FRC vision processing solutions (`PhotonVision <https://docs.photonvision.org>`__, `Limelight <https://docs.limelightvision.io>`__, etc.) offer support for both traditional vision pipelines and machine learning models.

.. important:: Machine learning inference requires significant computational resources. While possible on devices like the Raspberry Pi, performance may be limited. For better ML performance, consider using hardware accelerators such as:

>    - **Google Coral USB/M.2 Accelerator** - Works with coprocessors running PhotonVision or custom code

Reviewer 2: There's already a discussion of NPU hardware over in the strategies page.  How about replacing everything after line 35 (.. important) with:

.. important:: Machine learning inference requires significant computational resources. :ref:`docs/software/vision-processing/wpilibpi/strategies-for-vision-programming:Strategies for Vision Programming`) discusses NPU coprocessors in more detail.

   - **Orange Pi 5/5B with NPU** - Single-board computer with neural processing unit, compatible with PhotonVision
   - **Hailo-8 Accelerator** - High-performance ML accelerator that can be added to compatible vision solutions

>    Many teams successfully use Google Coral accelerators with coprocessors like the Raspberry Pi or Orange Pi.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Many teams successfully use the Orange Pi 5 NPU to detect objects with machine learning.
```
Or if you want one with LL (although I cannot personally attest to this myself):
```suggestion
   Many teams successfully use the Orange Pi 5 NPU or Hailo-8 Accelerator to detect objects with machine learning.
```

1. **Known dimensions** of the game piece
2. **Calibrated camera** to account for lens distortion
3. **Multiple features** on the object to determine orientation

For circular game pieces, orientation may not matter. For asymmetric objects, detecting specific features (corners, markings, etc.) can help determine how the object is oriented.

The WPILib pose estimation classes can incorporate vision measurements to help track your robot's position and plan paths to game pieces.

### Alternative: Area-to-Distance Lookup

If your game piece is always oriented the same way, you can create a lookup table correlating particle area (in pixels) to distance. This is less accurate than trigonometric methods but can be simpler to implement:

1. Place the game piece at known distances from your camera
2. Measure the particle area at each distance
3. Create a lookup table or fit a curve to the data

Note that area varies with the inverse square of distance, so small measurement errors at large distances can cause significant inaccuracy.

## Choosing a Camera

Selecting the right camera is crucial for reliable game piece detection. Key considerations include:

### Field of View (FOV)

> - **Wide FOV (>100°)**: Better for detecting game pieces at close range and wide areas, but objects appear smaller at distance

Reviewer: I'd mention something about distortion for wide FOV cameras that may decrease accuracy

- **Narrow FOV (60-90°)**: Better for detecting distant objects with more detail, but limited peripheral vision
- Consider your robot's typical operating distance and whether you need to see multiple game pieces simultaneously

### Resolution

- **Higher resolution (1920x1080 or more)**: Provides more detail for distant detection and better pose estimation, but requires more processing power
- **Lower resolution (640x480 to 1280x720)**: Faster processing, sufficient for many traditional vision tasks
- Balance resolution with frame rate - a 720p camera at 60 FPS may outperform a 1080p camera at 15 FPS

### Frame Rate

- **Higher frame rate (60+ FPS)**: Reduces motion blur, crucial for detecting pieces while moving
- **Lower frame rate (15-30 FPS)**: Sufficient for stationary detection, uses less bandwidth

### Exposure Control

- **Manual exposure control**: Essential for consistent detection under varying lighting

> - **Global shutter vs rolling shutter**: Global shutter is preferable for fast-moving robots to avoid image distortion

Reviewer: maybe something that says rolling shutter cameras are much more common and if it doesn't say it's global shutter, then it's rolling shutter
